hello this is for you Murray 7 I'm going
to show you how to do the first contract
missions in Assassin's Creed 3 now this
set of missions is the first contract
mission available to you it's the one in
the frontier
this is where you collect the missions
this is where they give you the
locations of all the assassination
contracts so here's the first one right
here it's actually very very easy to do
these because you all you have to do is
just walk up to the guy and kill them
you don't even have to be undetected you
can get into a fight sequence and it
would still count toward the
assassination contract so it's extremely
easy he was number 2 right here also
make sure that you're looting the
corpses after you kill them because
they're holding some special items in
addition to the regular ammunition and
that sort of thing they hold special
items remember that you can click the
purple buttons on the top of the screen
I have videos on how to solve the
underground puzzles I also have check
out my videos on how to liberate the
fort's in Assassin's Creed 3 I have all
the forts in the play list just click
the purple button at the top of the
screen there and also make sure to check
out my video on how to win 9 Men's
Morris if you haven't done that already
it's an amazing video that teaches you
all the skills you need to win 9 Men's
Morris every single time guaranteed you
can also click on the previous and the
next buttons too to watch the other
contract commissions
as of right now I haven't uploaded them
yet but they should be up very quickly
now for these next last two contracts I
fast traveled to this fort I think it
was a fort Mon mouth so fast travel to
that Ford and then I'll get this mission
and then after I do that mission I'll
get the other one as you can see I have
cut some of the sequences out because I
don't think you want to watch the whole
entire a two minute video of me running
around to get to these places
so that's why it seems like I'm getting
these very quickly
here's the fifth and final one I tried
to be stealthy with this without getting
into a fight but it didn't really work
it doesn't really matter anyway because
even if you get into a fight you'll
still get credit for the assassination
contract so it doesn't really matter I'm
just used to doing it stealthily because
I played Assassin's Creed 1 -
Brotherhood and revelations so I'm just
used to doing it by tradition and just
doing it stealthy but you can do it
however you want please like and
subscribe make sure to check out my
other videos make sure annotations are
turned on and click the purple buttons
at the top of the screen thank you very
very much
this video is part of teach-ins way
movement a career path and video for
more info visit TG n dot TV